docs/writing.markdown, before:

---
layout: page
title: Writing
permalink: /writing/
---

### Blogs

<ul>
  {% for post in site.posts %}
    <li>
      <a href="{{ post.url }}">{{ post.title }}</a>
    </li>
  {% endfor %}
</ul>

### Icon Insights
* [Bricks and clicks: reimagining MSK care](https://iconhealthco.com/news/msk-care-is-still-broken-icon-health-has-the-fix)
* [Where MSK Point Solutions Fall Short](https://iconhealthco.com/news/where-point-solutions-fall-short)
* [How MSK Navigation Can Solve the Cost-Outcomes Disconnect](https://iconhealthco.com/news/why-msk-care-requires-more-comprehensive-solutions-ysc9s)
* [Why MSK Care Requires A More Comprehensive Solution](https://iconhealthco.com/news/why-msk-care-requires-more-comprehensive-solutions)

### Other articles
* [A Viral Climate: EEE and its unnerving future in New England](https://yale-herald.com/2020/01/24/a-viral-climate-eee-and-its-unnerving-future-in-new-england/), *Yale Herald*
* [Kristof Zyskowski, Bird Detective](https://yale-herald.com/2020/01/14/kristof-zyskowski-bird-detective/), *Yale Herald*
* [BY THE NUMBERS: Underdog Yale ready to challenge No. 3 Duke](https://yaledailynews.com/blog/2018/12/05/by-the-numbers-underdog-yale-ready-to-challenge-no-3-duke/), *Yale Daily News*
* [By the numbers: Princeton’s success](https://yaledailynews.com/blog/2018/11/07/150974/), *Yale Daily News*

Commit message:

add in point of care

docs/writing.markdown, after:

---
layout: page
title: Writing
permalink: /writing/
---

### [Point of Care](https://pointofcare.substack.com)
* [Tuva Health and the future of claims analytics](https://pointofcare.substack.com/p/tuva-health-and-the-future-of-claims)

### Blogs

<ul>
  {% for post in site.posts %}
    <li>
      <a href="{{ post.url }}">{{ post.title }}</a>
    </li>
  {% endfor %}
</ul>

### Icon Insights
* [Bricks and clicks: reimagining MSK care](https://iconhealthco.com/news/msk-care-is-still-broken-icon-health-has-the-fix)
* [Where MSK Point Solutions Fall Short](https://iconhealthco.com/news/where-point-solutions-fall-short)
* [How MSK Navigation Can Solve the Cost-Outcomes Disconnect](https://iconhealthco.com/news/why-msk-care-requires-more-comprehensive-solutions-ysc9s)
* [Why MSK Care Requires A More Comprehensive Solution](https://iconhealthco.com/news/why-msk-care-requires-more-comprehensive-solutions)

### Other articles
* [A Viral Climate: EEE and its unnerving future in New England](https://yale-herald.com/2020/01/24/a-viral-climate-eee-and-its-unnerving-future-in-new-england/), *Yale Herald*
* [Kristof Zyskowski, Bird Detective](https://yale-herald.com/2020/01/14/kristof-zyskowski-bird-detective/), *Yale Herald*
* [BY THE NUMBERS: Underdog Yale ready to challenge No. 3 Duke](https://yaledailynews.com/blog/2018/12/05/by-the-numbers-underdog-yale-ready-to-challenge-no-3-duke/), *Yale Daily News*
* [By the numbers: Princeton’s success](https://yaledailynews.com/blog/2018/11/07/150974/), *Yale Daily News*
